feat: Add data persistency and improve docs - Docker Compose (#4100)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: pages/docs/environments/local-development-docker-compose.mdx

## Local development with Docker Compose

This environment will allow you tu run the application locally with Docker Compose. Everything will be run in containers (for example MongoDB), so you don't need to install anything on your machine.

### Prerequisites

You will need <Link href="https://docs.docker.com/compose/">Docker and Docker Compose v2</Link> installed.

### Setup

1) Make sure you have cloned the repository and are in the root of the project.

2) Execute the following command, this will build the images and start the containers.

```bash
docker compose up
```

3) You can now access the application at `http://localhost:3000`.

> 4) If you making any chnages to the dependices, it's recommended to rebuild the images with the following command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4) If you making any changes to the dependencies, it's recommended to rebuild the images with the following command. 
```
